Lg/pact functions set 3 (#147)
kadena-io/pact-5: docs/builtins/Commitments/validate-keypair.md

## validate-keypair

Use `validate-keypair` to verify that the Curve25519 `public` key and `secret` key you specify are base-16 strings of 32 characters match each other.

### Basic syntax

> To validate a Curve25519public and secret key pair, use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate a Curve25519 public and secret key pair, use the following syntax:
```

Reviewer: should we go with secret key? Most of the time the pair is called public and private key.

Author: I found both used throughout the docs. I started leaning towards secret because that seemed more consistent with `pact genkey` cli and  `kadena key` cli.
